docs: add CONTRIBUTING.md and MAINTAINERS.md (#378)
editorconfig-checker/editorconfig-checker: README.md

The following output formats are supported:

- **default**: Plain text, human readable output.<br/>
  `text
    <file>:
      <startingLine>-<endLine>: <message>

>     `

Reviewer: This codeblock somehow got broken - it truly is a multiline output.

Author: Oops, I've fixed it, and also fixed the "Code Climate" format, so that it has syntax highlighting fo JSON.

Reviewer: Nice, wanted to suggest it, but didn't want to mix that in with this one necessarily!

- Patch release (1.0.x -> 1.0.y)
  - Updates to output formats (error messages, logs, ...).
  - Performance improvements which doesn't affect behavior.
  - Build process changes (e.g., updating dependencies, updating `Dockerfile`, ...).
  - Reverts (reverting a previous commit).
  - Bug fixes which result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting less linting errors (removing "false-positive" linting errors).
- Minor release (1.x.0 -> 1.y.0)
  - Adding new [configuration options](#configuration), including new CLI flags.
  - Adding new [path to exclude by default](#default-excludes).
  - Adding new [output formats](#formats).
  - Supporting a new [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) property (e.g: `insert_final_newline`, `indent_size`, ...).
  - Any new feature which doesn't break existing behavior.
- Major release (x.0.0 -> y.0.0)
  - Removal of a [configuration](#configuration) option.
  - Removal of an [output format](#formats).
  - Removal of a [path to exclude by default](#default-excludes).
  - Removal of support for an [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) property.

>   - Bug fixes, which might result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting more linting errors, if the previous behavior was incorrect, with the [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) specification.

Reviewer: Okay, than I think this might communicate this intend better:
```suggestion
  - Bug fixes, which result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting more linting errors, even if the previous behavior was incorrect according to the [editorconfig specification](https://editorconfig.org/).
```

Author: I'm not convinced by "even if", it's more like "because" ... the previous behavior was incorrect.

Author: I've updated it to: `Bug fixes, which result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting more linting errors, because the previous behavior was incorrect according to the [editorconfig specification](https://editorconfig.org/)`.

If you have any questions, suggestions, need a wrapper for a programming language or just want to chat join #editorconfig-checker on freenode(IRC).
If you don't have an IRC-client set up you can use the [freenode webchat](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=editorconfig-checker).

## Contributing

Anyone can help to improve the project, submit a Feature Request, a bug report or even correct a spelling mistake.

The steps to contribute can be found in the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Semantic Versioning Policy

**editorconfig-checker** adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) for releases.

However, as it is a code quality tool, it's not always clear when a minor or major version bump occurs. The following rules are used to determine the version bump:

- Patch release (1.0.x -> 1.0.y)

>   - Updates to format outputs (error messages, logs, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Updates to output formats (error messages, logs, ...).
```

  - Performance improvements which doesn't affect behavior.
  - Build process changes (e.g., updating dependencies, updating `Dockerfile`, ...).
  - Reverts (reverting a previous commit).

>   - Bug fixes which result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting less linting errors, also known as "false-positives".

Reviewer: I think this makes the meaning a bit clearer
```suggestion
  - Bug fixes which result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting less linting errors (removing "false-positive" linting errors).
```

- Minor release (1.x.0 -> 1.y.0)

>   - Adding new [configuration](./README.md#configuration) options, including new CLI flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Adding new [configuration options](./README.md#configuration).
  - Deprecation (but not their removal) of existing [configuration options](./README.md#configuration).
  - Adding new CLI flags.
```

  - Adding new [default path](./README.md#default-excludes) to exclude by default.

>   - Adding new [format output](./README.md#output-formats).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Adding new [output formats](./README.md#output-formats).
```

  - Support a new [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) property (e.g: `insert_final_newline`, `indent_size`, ...).
  - Any new feature which doesn't break existing behavior.
- Major release (x.0.0 -> y.0.0)

>   - Removal/Rename of a [configuration](./README.md#configuration) option.

Reviewer: I think we will always follow the pattern of adding a new config option, keeping the old one valid for another release (or two), warning users that this option is deprecated and they should migrate to the new one, before we finally remove the old option. (that should maybe also be an addition to the maintainer guide.)
Hence we do not really need to mention renames, since they do not exist under this model.

```suggestion
  - Removal of a [configuration option](./README.md#configuration).
```

>   - Removal of a [format output](./README.md#output-formats).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removal of a [output format](./README.md#output-formats).
```

Reviewer 2: an output format then

Reviewer: oh, right!

>   - Removal of a [default path](./README.md#default-excludes) to exclude by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removal of a [path to exclude by default](./README.md#default-excludes).
```

>   - Removal of an [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removal of support for an [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) property.
```

>   - Bug fixes, which might result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting more linting errors, if the previous behavior was incorrect, with the [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) specification.

Reviewer: I think I do not understand what this part means:
> if the previous behavior was incorrect, with the [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) specification.

Is that "if the previous behaviour was violating the editorconfig specification"?

Author: > Is that "if the previous behaviour was violating the editorconfig specification"?

Yes. This PR is a perfect example for that: https://github.com/editorconfig-checker/editorconfig-checker/pull/331
It's a bug fix, that resulted in **editorconfig-checker** reporting more linting errors.
This change landed in a patch version, but looking back at it, I think, it should have landed in a major version, just to be safe. I think that if **editorconfig-checker** v3.0.0 doesn't report any errors, v3.0.1 should not either.

> - Patch release (1.0.x -> 1.0.y)
>   - Updates to format outputs (error messages, logs, ...).
>   - Performance improvements which doesn't affect behavior.
>   - Build process changes (e.g. updating dependencies, updating `Dockerfile`, ...).
>   - Reverts (reverting a previous commit).
>   - Bug fixes which result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting less linting errors, also known as "false positives".
> - Minor release (1.x.0 -> 1.y.0)
>   - Adding new [configuration](./README.md#configuration) options, including new CLI flags.
>   - Adding new [default paths](./README.md#default-excludes) to exclude by default.
>   - Adding new [format outputs](./README.md#output-formats).
>   - Support a new [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) property (e.g: `insert_final_newline`, `indent_size`, ...).
>   - Any new feature which doesn't break existing behavior.
> - Major release (x.0.0 -> y.0.0)
>   - Removal/Rename of a [configuration](./README.md#configuration) option.
>   - Removal of a [format outputs](./README.md#output-formats).
>   - Removal of a [default paths](./README.md#default-excludes) to exclude by default.
>   - Removal of a [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) property.
>   - Bug fixes, which might result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting more linting errors, if the previous behavior was incorrect, with the [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) specification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Patch release (1.0.x -> 1.0.y)
  - Updates to format outputs (error messages, logs, ...).
  - Performance improvements which doesn't affect behavior.
  - Build process changes (e.g., updating dependencies, updating `Dockerfile`, ...).
  - Reverts (reverting a previous commit).
  - Bug fixes which result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting less linting errors, also known as "false-positives".
- Minor release (1.x.0 -> 1.y.0)
  - Adding new [configuration](./README.md#configuration) options, including new CLI flags.
  - Adding new [default path](./README.md#default-excludes) to exclude by default.
  - Adding new [format output](./README.md#output-formats).
  - Support a new [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) property (e.g: `insert_final_newline`, `indent_size`, ...).
  - Any new feature which doesn't break existing behavior.
- Major release (x.0.0 -> y.0.0)
  - Removal/Rename of a [configuration](./README.md#configuration) option.
  - Removal of a [format output](./README.md#output-formats).
  - Removal of a [default path](./README.md#default-excludes) to exclude by default.
  - Removal of an existing [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) property.
  - Bug fixes, which might result in **editorconfig-checker** reporting more linting errors, if the previous behavior was incorrect, with the [editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org/) specification.
```
